
#                             XMR-STAK-CUDA-8-2.10.4
Allows mining on GTX 400 500 and Tesla Series of Fermi cards. Supports v2 algorithms. 6/3/2019
Build version 1.3

Problem: If you have Fermi (Tesla) cards or GTX 400/500/600 series  cards and attempt to run CUDA 9.1,9.2, or 10. XMR-STAK just refuses to format the CUDA code for that chip architecture.
Specifically, you get no hash or the miner application crashes when using these older cards.  The main dev doesn't want to release a build for older Fermi chips.(arch 20).

Solution: So this is the build that resolves this, and allows the older Nvidia cards to mine all the current new variant 2 algos also. Technically, not a single line of code was changed, just how it was built with the CUDA 8 toolkit installed and build with their documented script.

These are the fastest settings found for Tesla M2050, M2070, GTX 400, and GTX 500 series. It would be faster to use the CUDA drivers rather than open CL, but it's here for compatability sake. You must use CUDA 8 drivers which would be 385.69 for GTX 400/500 series with Teslas, or 386.28 for Tesla only cards in Windows 7 or 10. You don't need to install the 3D stereo driver and viewer, nor the Geforce Experience options. You don't need to install PhysX since you are mining and not gaming. Besides you don't want Geforce Experience constantly reminding you to update your driver, when you CANT since that would break 2.7.1 with cuda 8 support. Yes, it does break it. I don't plan on supporting 32 bit builds of Windows OS. Nor Windows 8.1, just no. Nope. It's a good idea to not reuse your config.cfg, cpu.txt, or pools.txt from the older versions of xmr-stak and start from fresh. I did leave some default versions of the same files as a reference tool for what I know that works. The included files, especially nvidia.txt is just for reference of the fastest settings for the Fermi GTX 400-500 series of cards and Tesla cards.
You can disable cpu mining with the switch.  I recommend XMRIG.cc by Bendroid which is much more efficient and produces a higher hash rate.
Built with static linking for all cpu types.
Built with dev free version.
Built with no SSL support.
Built with no HTTPD support.

Built with settings in miner build optimized for arch 20, but it can also run 30,50,52,60,61 which is the newer GTX and Quadro cards. 
You can mix AMD cards in with the miner and still get their benefit.  However SRB Miner looks to be a bit more hash rate.

Included Visual C++ Runtime installer that is needed to run XMR-STAK if you haven't already installed it. See VC_redist.x64_2017.exe.

Typical installation instructions:

1. Install Windows.
2. Install Visual C++ 2017 runtime.
3. Install either Windows Nvidia 385.69 combined driver, or Tesla 386.28(but only if you have only Tesla cards).
4. Run xmr-stak to populate the nvidia cuda settings for the cards in the right index sequence.
5. Edit nvidia.txt for the block and threads settings below for the highest hash output from the default nvidia.txt supplied.
6. Don't forget to turn on Large Page Support. Instructions in the config.txt file generated by xmr-stak.


Tested nvidia.txt settings for Fermi GTX 400/500 and Tesla M/S Series cards. Cut and paste these settings for the ones you have in your rig after running xmr stak for the first time to determine the order of the cards installed by index number.
Updated cn-turtle algo settings:
1950 H on Tesla M2050 54 threads, 64 blocks.
3350 H on GTX 580 64 threads, 64 blocks.


-Tested amd.txt for opencl use, not recommended for throughput, but compatible:
Keep on mining and the shiny side up! -Argonator arqma.com

Donations glady accept for re-releasing a CUDA 8 compatible build for legacy cards.
ArQmA donation address: ar2x9XfDtzybuHWVdsKq8kNxFir6ApAKW9A5L7NCWo5SACsMu9BNQNkeQN6PNVsidEXaLrpQR1abkFVGUtMmYpr31k4cU8Lzr XMR address: 42r2MZtFvtvDUyqzhvsSr2cxEaN1K9vPuhiNUdUZRFyQ2qgSecmdNTUBLwb3vTQt1KLY15Rqc4zwgMTh8QR1YfJ75Tz5jDK
BTC donation address: 3JJdhZrGVofq4DshpBJ6ZHneRdD7gEtsXH

-eof
